# Assignment 6

### Part 4
I thought this interactive tool was pretty sleek and interesting to interact with.  There were so many ways to customize the data that was being presented and the manner in which is was being presented; it was almost a bit overwhelming at first.  However, the controls that changed what data was being plotted and how were pretty intuitive after just a few minutes of clicking/playing around to get a feel for it.  I would classify this tool as a data exploration tool because it puts the burden on the user to customize the visualization to answer the questions that they are looking for/interested in.  I thought that including the element of time by allowing the data to be plotted over time was really effective.  Another feature that I found really compelling was when you hovered over a particular country's circle - it would draw lines to the x and y axis and show the value for each.  I think this is a really nice feature to have since it releves a small amount of burden on the user, who would likely be doing the same thing themselves when they focused in on a single country.  It looks like the cricle size could be customized to whatever feature you were intersted in seeing, however, as we learned in class, it can be hard to make meaninful comparison between shapes' areas.  If you clicked on one of the circles, you saw the value appear in the "Size" drop down on the bottom right which is helpful - I though a tool tip close to the circle might have been more effective.

Overall, I thought this tool was pretty successful and don't have too many suggestions for improvement.  I did mock-up what I thought a helpful tool-tip/hover-over message box might look like/contain.  Also, I thought since there were so many parameters that could be customzied, adding a "single source of truth" informational area that one can quickly refer to, to see what the graph is currently configured to might be better than pieceing that together across the different axis and menu options.